{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh15000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Poker v1.31\
Usually in poker, the wrong call means losing a lot of money. Here, it means death.\
\
Module ID: poker\
\
Created by: Royal_Flu$h\
\
Enormous special thanks to Bashly for his assistance with the script.\
Special thanks to LtHummus for getting me started.\
Additional thanks to Timwi, ThatGuyCalledJules, The Nightmare Tank & Elias8885 for beta testing.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Manual available here: https://ktane.timwi.de/HTML/Poker.html\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ---\
Build 1.31 notes:\
- Typo corrected in Ace of Spades code ("Count" replaced with "Sum").\
\
Build 1.3 notes:\
- Button renderers replaced with proper keypads and appropriate textures. Special thanks to AshTheBash for his work on Blender and to SamFun123 for his help with highlighting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - Module ID renamed from "Poker" to "poker".\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Build 1.24 notes:\
- Logging now includes cards and hands, as well as indication of what was pressed and notification of strike/correct press.\
- Typo corrected in Bluff or Truth log.\
- Manual PDF moved to correct folder.\
\
Build 1.23 notes:\
- Typo in $50 betting rules corrected. Thanks to Sean.\
\
Build 1.22 notes:\
- TwitchPlays compatibility added.\
\
Build 1.21 notes:\
- Typo in code causing strike in $100 betting rules amended. Thanks to Monopoly.\
- Typo in code causing strike in Ace of Spades flow chart amended. Thanks to Elias8885.\
- Additional Appendix added to manual with full A4 flow charts. Both versions available as PDFs. Thanks to Rexkix for the suggestion.\
\
Build 1.2 notes:\
- Incorrect syntax in $500 bet rules corrected.\
- Small typos in the manual (repeated King of Hearts in flow chart, "Ace of Spaces" in $25 rules) corrected.\
- Illogical use of "I'm beat!\'94 and \'93Got me beat!" when choosing to "fold" replaced with \'93Really?\'94 and \'93Really, really?\'94.\
- Unclear manual instructions tweaked.\
- Additional note about Aces being high & low added to \'93straight\'94 in appendix.\
- Headers given to Bluff/Truth box and layout tweaked to bring in line with left margin.\
- Manual re-ordered to better reflect the order of defusing.\
- Highlightling corrected.\
\
Build 1.1 notes:\
- Updated the card backs to be more exciting than the standard rider bicycle cards.\
- The placeholder poker chips have been replaced.\
- Fonts made smaller (36) and scaled up to help with the grainy-ness without the zoom mod. Some grainy-ness remains.\
- Preview image added.\
\
Build 1.0 notes:\
- Initial release\
\
Future tweaks:\
- Code for sound is compiling fine but currently does not play in game. There are only two instances of sound on the module - a ping for the opponent\'92s response and a chip being dropped. It has no bearing on the functionality of the module.}